README.md, before:

# OpenSSL NodeJS (LibOpenSSL)

This package provides a simple interface to the [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/) binary.  
It comes pre-loaded with the openssl binarys for Windows (later also Linux).  
IO operations are handled with a path config - and can be overwritten by
([Buffor](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v10.x/docs/api/buffer.html)) streams.

# Installation &amp; Usage

### Perform basic npm installation task:

```bash
foo@bar: npm install libopenssl --save
```

### Import openssl module:

```javascript
const openssl = require("libopenssl");
```

### Next, we need to create the config object.

```javascript
// empty object for our config values
let sslconfig = [];
// string vesion of our command parameters
sslconfig["params"] = "genrsa -out certs/domain.key 1024";
// alternative: object version
sslconfig["params"] = ["genrsa", "-out", "certs/domain.key", "1024"];
// string, output of IO operations, default 'openssl/'
sslconfig["path"] = "C:/Users/OSSL/Temporary/OpenSSL/";
// boolean, replaces EOL linebreaks, default true
sslconfig["beautify"] = true;
// boolean, add empty default config for the command to prevent error, default true
sslconfig["appendConf"] = true;
// boolean, shows additional output on the console, default false
sslconfig["debugMode"] = true;
// boolean, uses the default windows or linux shell, default false
sslconfig["useShell"] = false;
// boolean, executes openssl in sync - useful for short living tasks, default false
sslconfig["preferSync"] = false;
```

### We can now execute the openssl binary with the config object created earlier:

```javascript
openssl.run(sslconfig, function (data) {
  // the data object will contain every process output
  console.log(data);
});
```

### The last parameter of the function `run` will always be the callback function.

The Library will call this function with all return values of the process:

> Important: "processError" is not directly a sign of an error, consider hasError as the primary detection. Check [this Article](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/131394/why-does-openssl-print-to-stderr-for-a-successful-command) for more information about how openssl handles `stderr`.

```js
[
  (processError: ""),
  (processOutput: "Generating RSA private key, 1024 bit long modulus (2 primes)"),
  (processExitCode: 0), // <- That's the important one!
  (processEnd: "closed"), // <- Shows how the process exited
  (hasError: false),
];
```

If you want to specify Buffer text instead of the file as an input/output or whatever you need, use the version with an array as a function parameter.
And put an object with keys: name: (specify a name of file which will be created to handle this command), and buffer: (your buffer variable)
Example of object:

```javascript
{ name:'csr.conf', buffer: BufferVariable }
```

Command example:

```javascript
openssl.run(
  [
    "req",
    "-config",
    { name: "csr.conf", buffer: BufferVariable },
    "-out",
    "CSR.csr",
    "-new",
    "-newkey",
    "rsa:2048",
    "-nodes",
    "-keyout",
    "privateKey.key",
  ],
  function (data) {
    console.log(data);
  }
);
```

When you provide a command which performs IO operations, make sure to include the `path` configuration. The package will then recursivly create the specified path. All output files will appear in this folder.

Keep in mind:

> If u want to use a command which needs additional interaction use parameter `-config` and specify pass to file with configuration. For more information about the openssl config, check the official documentation.

---

That's all that you need to start using it.  
For any information, improvements or bug fixes please contact me.
This package is a fork of the really awesome library (maintained?) by [GitHub](https://github.com/codevibess).

Commit message:

Added wiki page to buffer stream

README.md, after:

# OpenSSL NodeJS (LibOpenSSL)

This package provides a simple interface to the [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/) binary.  
It comes pre-loaded with the openssl binarys for Windows (later also Linux).  
IO operations are handled with a path config - and can be overwritten by
([Buffer](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v10.x/docs/api/buffer.html)) streams.  
See [This Wikipage](https://github.com/Timoms/libopenssl/wiki/Buffer-Stream) for more informations.

# Installation &amp; Usage

### Perform basic npm installation task:

```bash
foo@bar: npm install libopenssl --save
```

### Import openssl module:

```javascript
const openssl = require("libopenssl");
```

### Next, we need to create the config object.

```javascript
// empty object for our config values
let sslconfig = [];
// string vesion of our command parameters
sslconfig["params"] = "genrsa -out certs/domain.key 1024";
// alternative: object version
sslconfig["params"] = ["genrsa", "-out", "certs/domain.key", "1024"];
// string, output of IO operations, default 'openssl/'
sslconfig["path"] = "C:/Users/OSSL/Temporary/OpenSSL/";
// boolean, replaces EOL linebreaks, default true
sslconfig["beautify"] = true;
// boolean, add empty default config for the command to prevent error, default true
sslconfig["appendConf"] = true;
// boolean, shows additional output on the console, default false
sslconfig["debugMode"] = true;
// boolean, uses the default windows or linux shell, default false
sslconfig["useShell"] = false;
// boolean, executes openssl in sync - useful for short living tasks, default false
sslconfig["preferSync"] = false;
```

### We can now execute the openssl binary with the config object created earlier:

```javascript
openssl.run(sslconfig, function (data) {
  // the data object will contain every process output
  console.log(data);
});
```

### The last parameter of the function `run` will always be the callback function.

The Library will call this function with all return values of the process:

> Important: "processError" is not directly a sign of an error, consider hasError as the primary detection. Check [this Article](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/131394/why-does-openssl-print-to-stderr-for-a-successful-command) for more information about how openssl handles `stderr`.

```js
[
  (processError: ""),
  (processOutput: "Generating RSA private key, 1024 bit long modulus (2 primes)"),
  (processExitCode: 0), // <- That's the important one!
  (processEnd: "closed"), // <- Shows how the process exited
  (hasError: false),
];
```

If you want to specify Buffer text instead of the file as an input/output or whatever you need, use the version with an array as a function parameter.
And put an object with keys: name: (specify a name of file which will be created to handle this command), and buffer: (your buffer variable)
Example of object:

```javascript
{ name:'csr.conf', buffer: BufferVariable }
```

Command example:

```javascript
openssl.run(
  [
    "req",
    "-config",
    { name: "csr.conf", buffer: BufferVariable },
    "-out",
    "CSR.csr",
    "-new",
    "-newkey",
    "rsa:2048",
    "-nodes",
    "-keyout",
    "privateKey.key",
  ],
  function (data) {
    console.log(data);
  }
);
```

When you provide a command which performs IO operations, make sure to include the `path` configuration. The package will then recursivly create the specified path. All output files will appear in this folder.

Keep in mind:

> If u want to use a command which needs additional interaction use parameter `-config` and specify pass to file with configuration. For more information about the openssl config, check the official documentation.

---

That's all that you need to start using it.  
For any information, improvements or bug fixes please contact me.
This package is a fork of the really awesome library (maintained?) by [GitHub](https://github.com/codevibess).
